---
title: 16475d64a5e0ff1ee35daf5aa7e4d244_t
mitle:  "Falling in Love Is Easy. Being in a Relationship Takes Real Effort."
description: "Being complacent can be easier than you think"
image: "https://cdnone.netlify.com/db/2017/05/tapoos-logo.png"
---

         <i></i>   <i></i>   <i></i> 4<p>Life is difficult and being stuck in a rut can make us lose perspective.</p>      <p> Drew &amp; Meri</p> <p>A post shared by Rob {Epic Love Photography} (@robdight) on Sep 28, 2017 at 1:29am PDT</p>   <p></p> <p>You can’t expect that love will flourish on its own just because you are in a committed relationship. It is very easy for a person to take things for granted and become complacent. And that is exactly what starts to crumble your relationship.</p>      <p> Keith &amp; Ashley, eloped in style on the Cliffs of Moher. Check it out on my blog, link in profile 👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻</p> <p>A post shared by Rob {Epic Love Photography} (@robdight) on Sep 25, 2017 at 2:47pm PDT</p>   <p></p> <p>When the tough gets going, it is not just love that will make you go through it. Keeping it alive and strong takes an effort. It is okay to calm down and relax at times but there is some amount of effort still needed to keep the bond strong.</p>      <p> Q&amp;N</p> <p>A post shared by Rob {Epic Love Photography} (@robdight) on Sep 16, 2017 at 12:19pm PDT</p>   <p></p> <p>Love is not invulnerable, it is exactly the opposite. You can’t love or ignore a person in accordance to your mood and convenience.</p>      <p> Dusk 😍😍😍</p> <p>A post shared by Rob {Epic Love Photography} (@robdight) on Sep 7, 2017 at 3:12am PDT</p>   <p></p> <p>Love is not something that can operate on assumptions and thrive on its own. You have to be careful with the aspects of your relationship and romance. People grow and change and so do the requirements.</p>      <p> K&amp;A</p> <p>A post shared by Rob {Epic Love Photography} (@robdight) on May 18, 2017 at 4:15pm PDT</p>   <p></p> <p>Communication is very important when it comes to keeping up to date with what your partner wants and desires.</p>      <p> D&amp;M</p> <p>A post shared by Rob {Epic Love Photography} (@robdight) on Mar 14, 2017 at 1:23am PDT</p>   <p></p> <p>Meeting your partner half way is important as well as knowing how you are doing. You can’t expect problems to come and sweep your emotions under a rug.</p>      <p> Manu &amp; Ela on the blog 🇨🇭🇨🇭🇨🇭</p> <p>A post shared by Rob {Epic Love Photography} (@robdight) on Feb 22, 2017 at 11:23am PST</p>   <p></p> <p>Falling in love is the easiest thing to do, it happens on its own. But once the honey moon period passes by, it is important that you keep the love strong and keep it growing instead of letting it fade out to its sad fate.</p>      <p> Happy birthday to you – ❤️My Love, My World 🎉</p> <p>A post shared by Murad Osmann (@muradosmann) on Sep 3, 2017 at 1:22am PDT</p>   <p></p> <p>Here are some pointers that you can work on to keep your relationship alive.</p> <h2>1. Compromise</h2>      <p> @maurice_mlp @maurice_mlp #cutecouple</p> <p>A post shared by Cute Couple 💑 (@cutecouple) on May 22, 2013 at 4:51pm PDT</p>   <p></p>      <p> M&amp;J</p> <p>A post shared by Rob {Epic Love Photography} (@robdight) on Aug 19, 2017 at 10:28am PDT</p>   <p></p> <p>Compromise is a two way road, and if both of you don’t work towards a goal together you will not get there. There are times when you have to let go of what you want to make space for someone else and facilitate them.</p> <h2>2. Trust</h2>      <p> S&amp;D</p> <p>A post shared by Rob {Epic Love Photography} (@robdight) on May 29, 2017 at 2:49pm PDT</p>   <p></p>      <p> It's been such a weird day for me, feeling physically yuck whilst at the same time feeling super happy! Thanks to everyone who came to @burn_workshop yesterday and thanks for all the amazingly lovely messages we've received today! @hannahdight &amp; I really appreciate your kind words!!! So pumped about the next event, so much goodness coming up!!!!! Here's a frame of Scott &amp; Alyssa just minutes before he proposed to her in Santorini.</p> <p>A post shared by Rob {Epic Love Photography} (@robdight) on Sep 27, 2017 at 1:31pm PDT</p>   <p></p> <p>Trust is something that is easy talked about but very hard and difficult to manage. A lot of us have been deceived and have trust issues for multiple reasons. Letting go of doubts in our life is not easy, but one has to let go and trust our partner. Considering that your partner has given you strong reasons to trust them.</p> <h2>3. Nice-ness</h2>      <p> #ccutecouple</p> <p>A post shared by Cute Couple 💑 (@cutecouple) on Jun 2, 2015 at 12:40am PDT</p>   <p></p>      <p> Perfect</p> <p>A post shared by Cute Couple 💑 (@cutecouple) on May 31, 2015 at 2:48am PDT</p>   <p></p> <p>Making your partner feel special is something one should do every now and then. Be it taking them out, or bringing them something small from the market or even help them in the kitchen. Being nice runs a long way.</p> <h2>4. Be spontaneous</h2>      <p> #ccutecouple</p> <p>A post shared by Cute Couple 💑 (@cutecouple) on May 31, 2015 at 2:45am PDT</p>   <p></p>      <p> If a photo is worth a thousand words, the hands within the photo are worth a thousand more.</p> <p>A post shared by Rob {Epic Love Photography} (@robdight) on Jan 8, 2017 at 7:32am PST</p>   <p></p> <p>Everything does not have to be managed and planned. Constantly planning things out makes it lose its charm and excitement. There should always be an element of surprise, that way things don’t get boring and stay high in energy.</p> <h2>5. Kindness</h2>      <p> F&amp;N</p> <p>A post shared by Rob {Epic Love Photography} (@robdight) on Sep 20, 2017 at 2:17pm PDT</p>   <p></p>      <p> D&amp;J soaking up some of that Northern Ireland goodness! @discoverni #discoverni</p> <p>A post shared by Rob {Epic Love Photography} (@robdight) on Sep 21, 2017 at 2:56am PDT</p>   <p></p> <p>It is not very hard to understand how to be kind to people. You just have to stop thinking about yourself and make a little effort to be consistent towards the people around you, especially your partner. Sulking all the time or even being in a bad mood ruins the taste of the relationship, so work on being positive and kind – and pass it on to your partner.</p> <h2>6. Be thoughtful</h2>      <p>A post shared by Cute Couple 💑 (@cutecouple) on Jul 25, 2015 at 9:57am PDT</p>   <p></p>      <p> I photograph HAWT couples 😉 #ohlovephotography #couplephotographer #couples #inlove #blackandwhite #portrait</p> <p>A post shared by natalie mckee (@xomckee) on May 31, 2015 at 10:26pm PDT</p>   <p></p> <p>This does not require you buying expensive gifts for your loved one. This just means that once in a while take the time out to do something meaningful for your partner. Support them, motivate them and listen to them.</p> <h2>7. Don’t go over-board</h2>      <p> At some point during my portrait sessions I ask the couple to give each other the greatest hug they've ever given each other, it usually produces some of my favourite photos. Here's Keith &amp; Ashley absolutely smashing their greatest hug of all time 🙌🏻 #momentsoverposes</p> <p>A post shared by Rob {Epic Love Photography} (@robdight) on Sep 19, 2017 at 8:25am PDT</p>   <p></p>          <p> Okay THIS picture will be the last for today! But i got 3 question for u… The first one who answer every question right gets a shotout! U ready? 1⃣ How old am I? 2⃣ Am i a girl or boy? 3⃣ Do i got a gf/bf? #ccutecouple #cutecouple</p> <p>A post shared by Cute Couple 💑 (@cutecouple) on Apr 23, 2014 at 3:57pm PDT</p>   <p></p> <p>If you stand up for the things you want, and put your foot down on the things that are absolutely unacceptable for you – your partner will respect you for it. No one likes a door-mat.</p> <h2>8. Have a sex life</h2>      <p> #ccutecouple</p> <p>A post shared by Cute Couple 💑 (@cutecouple) on May 31, 2015 at 5:01am PDT</p>   <p></p>      <p> I had such a great time today at @weddingworkshop.co such a fab bunch of people. Here's a frame from the live shoot this afternoon. #connection</p> <p>A post shared by Rob {Epic Love Photography} (@robdight) on Mar 21, 2017 at 4:41pm PDT</p>   <p></p> <p>It is called making love for a reason, it is one of the most important and natural ways of expressing love. And if you stop being regular with it, it starts to affect your bond.</p> <h2>9. Take breaks</h2>      <p> #ccutecouple</p> <p>A post shared by Cute Couple 💑 (@cutecouple) on Jun 2, 2015 at 12:40am PDT</p>   <p></p>      <p> #mileycyrus #liamhemsworth #cutecouple #love #couple #cute #adorable #kiss #kisses #hugs #romance #forever #girlfriend #boyfriend #gf #bf #bff #together #photooftheday #happy #me #girl #boy #beautiful #instagood #instalove #pretty #fun #smile #xoxo</p> <p>A post shared by Cute Couple 💑 (@cutecouple) on Jan 19, 2013 at 4:39pm PST</p>   <p></p> <p>Holidays are very important to clear up your mind and unwind. In today’s life it is very important to get out of a rut and breathe for a bit.</p> <h2>10. Don’t be smug</h2>      <p> @s0fly @jaredscott123 #cutecouple</p> <p>A post shared by Cute Couple 💑 (@cutecouple) on Jan 8, 2013 at 2:51pm PST</p>   <p></p>      <p> @s0fly @jaredscott123 #love #couple #cute #adorable #kiss #kisses #hugs #romance #forever #girlfriend #boyfriend #gf #bf #bff #together #photooftheday #happy #me #girl #boy #beautiful #instagood #instalove #pretty #fun #smile #xoxo #javannah #jaredandsavannah #savannahandjared</p> <p>A post shared by Cute Couple 💑 (@cutecouple) on Dec 26, 2012 at 1:15pm PST</p>   <p></p> <p>Not everything needs to be validated by strangers on social media.</p> <h2>11. Divvy up the house chores</h2>      <p> M&amp;C</p> <p>A post shared by Rob {Epic Love Photography} (@robdight) on Jan 5, 2017 at 7:18am PST</p>   <p></p>      <p> Austin &amp; Jackie are on the blog. It's always a bit daunting when I shoot other wedding photographers, especially when they're as talented as this girl &amp; only shoot film. Good thing I had Northern Ireland's crazy awesome scenery to help me out. Link in profile 👊🏻👊🏻👊🏻</p> <p>A post shared by Rob {Epic Love Photography} (@robdight) on Dec 22, 2016 at 3:52pm PST</p>   <p></p> <p>Team work is what is important I every household. No one likes to be cooking, cleaning, doing the grocery and making sure the bills are paid. This is not just one person’s house and both the partners should contribute their effort into it. Everyone deserves a break at times, and wants someone else to do it for them for a change.</p> <h2>12. Verbalize Your Love</h2>      <p> Northern Ireland is so beautiful!!!! #discoverni</p> <p>A post shared by Rob {Epic Love Photography} (@robdight) on Dec 11, 2016 at 4:46pm PST</p>   <p></p>      <p> A&amp;D</p> <p>A post shared by Rob {Epic Love Photography} (@robdight) on Dec 15, 2016 at 4:48pm PST</p>   <p></p> <p>Just because you are showing your love through your actions does not mean that it doesn’t need to be put in words. The world would not have poets and writers if expression was not important. We would not like movies or books if it was not because of words. So know that verbally saying something to someone is also very important.</p> <h2>13. Try new activities together</h2>      <p> A&amp;J</p> <p>A post shared by Rob {Epic Love Photography} (@robdight) on Dec 5, 2016 at 10:31am PST</p>   <p></p>      <p> P&amp;L</p> <p>A post shared by Rob {Epic Love Photography} (@robdight) on Nov 29, 2016 at 4:36pm PST</p>   <p></p> <p>Another way of strengthening your bond is to do things together. If you like different activities, you should find new activities to do together. Something that both of you would enjoy.</p> <h2>14. Create Goals Together</h2>      <p> Hiked for an hour to get here, so glad we did!!!!</p> <p>A post shared by Rob {Epic Love Photography} (@robdight) on Nov 23, 2016 at 8:36am PST</p>   <p></p>      <p> N&amp;R</p> <p>A post shared by Rob {Epic Love Photography} (@robdight) on Nov 28, 2016 at 2:39pm PST</p>   <p></p> <p>You cannot always have individual goals and expect your partner to follow them. There are times that you need to align your goals or make goals for the relationship rather than just yourself.</p> <h2>15. Talk over Your Hopes and Dreams</h2>      <p> #teenyweenypeople</p> <p>A post shared by Rob {Epic Love Photography} (@robdight) on Nov 22, 2016 at 9:55am PST</p>   <p></p>      <p> J&amp;V</p> <p>A post shared by Rob {Epic Love Photography} (@robdight) on Nov 21, 2016 at 5:25am PST</p>   <p></p> <p>One should talk about everything in their lives and what they dream of doing also. A person who never follows their dream or works towards it starts blaming other people around them eventually. Even if a person does not end up doing that, you can always help your partner achieve their goals. It is important that you do this for the people that you love.</p> <h2>16. Ask Meaningful Questions</h2>      <p> M&amp;E</p> <p>A post shared by Rob {Epic Love Photography} (@robdight) on Oct 24, 2016 at 10:44am PDT</p>   <p></p>      <p> Dan &amp; Mary-Anne</p> <p>A post shared by Rob {Epic Love Photography} (@robdight) on Oct 20, 2016 at 1:03am PDT</p>   <p></p> <p>Meaningful conversations are another part of making your bond stronger. Talks about childhood, adulthood, good and bad experiences is essential to know why a person is the way they are.</p> <h2>17. Greet One Another with Excitement</h2>      <p> Step aside Iceland</p> <p>A post shared by Rob {Epic Love Photography} (@robdight) on Nov 9, 2016 at 8:04am PST</p>   <p></p>      <p> N&amp;R</p> <p>A post shared by Rob {Epic Love Photography} (@robdight) on Nov 16, 2016 at 1:30pm PST</p>   <p></p>     <p>Meeting each other with excitement shows that you have been missing that person and are always excited to finally get to see them. Small ways of showing how much you love a person can change a whole perspective. Hug your partner when you get home or kiss them every time you leave. These small things make your relationship last.</p>   <i></i>