---
title: 004a18d4ae5ef4bf7e8ddecc414c2d11_t
mitle:  "9 Weirdest Shoes You've Never Seen"
description: "A discussion of weird shoes found in the world of art and fashion"
image: "https://cdnone.netlify.com/db/2017/05/tapoos-logo.png"
---

         <i></i>   <i></i>   <i></i> -6     <p> Game shoes = you have a place to put your game 🙂</p> <p>A post shared by Weird Shoes (@weird_shoes) on Nov 21, 2012 at 4:41pm PST</p>   <p></p> <p>Shoes are a necessity, no doubt. However, the realm of art and fashion can take some shoes beyond the limits of anything we’ve imagined. There are some designer shoes in the world that really shouldn’t be called shoes at all. They are so weird that they don’t even fulfill the basic purpose of having shoes.</p> <p>However, there is no doubt that such shoes are works of art and take a whole lot of effort. Plus, one can’t deny that they make a statement! Read on below for an insight into the shoes that make the world just a little bit stranger.</p> <h2>1. Squid Tentacles on Your Feet</h2>      <p> No idea how id walk on Glasgow pavement but I so need these!!!!! Beautiful! #octopus #tentacleshoes #tentacles #shoesculpture #amazing #love #madshoes #shoefetish</p> <p>A post shared by Cherryloco (@cherryloco_jewellery) on Jun 24, 2015 at 2:50pm PDT</p>   <p></p> <p>One would never think that tentacles on your feet could be a good thing. Even when we’re not talking about poisonous tentacles here or even real ones for that matter.</p> <p>Kermit Tesoro is a famous Filipino designer who is famed for his unique and often difficult shoes designs. His shoes are both difficult to make and to wear. Basically, the shoe has lifelike squid tentacles all over their underside and in place of heels. As you can imagine, these would make walking quite a challenge.</p> <p>Forget about comfort or running, we’re having a hard time thinking about where these would fit in. they certainly won’t be feasible in a casual party, or for hanging out with friends. Nor would they look good at a formal event. The only solution seems to designs a whole new outfit for them. If an eccentric personality comes with the package, that’s even better.</p> <p>All in all, Tesoro is smart enough to focus his work on celebrities. Since they need to stand out and make a statement at many events, his shoes are appreciated in that world. Not surprisingly, one of his most famous clients is Lady Gaga. If she can wear a meat dress, tentacle shoes are not quite so far-fetched!</p> <h2>2. Sneaker pants for the lazy ones</h2>  <p>Sneakerpants? @whit0013: RT @JeyTheVillain: Will and Jada really terrible parents pic.twitter.com/rag9lyf2CO</p> <p>— jus tha facts (@jusfunny23) January 5, 2015</p> <p></p> <p>Willow Smith and her twin Jaden Smith are known for their quirky personalities. Her brother’s Twitter account along was strange enough to elicit very strong reaction from followers. Willow Smith, however, has made quite a bit of headway into the world of fashion.</p> <p>The children of Will Smith frequently have to attend events of their own. When attending the Kids’ Choice awards in 2010, Willow Smith introduced the sneaker pants. You know that feeling of being overwhelmed at the thought of having to put on sneakers and pants separately? Willow Smith has the answer to that level of laziness!</p> <p>In a nutshell, the sneaker pants are a sort of extended sneakers. They’re different from long boots, as they come together just like normal pants do. Willow Smith’s were bright pink, but they are available in any color you may wish. If you wish to have shoes like these, that is. To be honest, they raise more questions than answers.</p> <h2>3. Everyday objects contorted into footwear</h2>      <p> What's a creative high heel! Slide , rooster, market trolley and Chinese design are applied in shoes. Do you like it? You can find these highheels in iapm now! #iapm #kobilevidesign #highheels #shoes #kobilevishoes #art #funnypictures #instaglike #shanghai #shanghailife #slide #rooster #trolley #chinese #shoes #highheel #creative #funnyshoes</p> <p>A post shared by iapm (@iapmmall) on May 8, 2015 at 12:15am PDT</p>   <p></p> <p>Who says that shoes have to look like shoes? One doesn’t even have to rely on a traditional shoe design; they simply have to look around them! At least, that’s what Kobi Levi does for inspiration when he designs his creations.</p> <p>The reasoning behind these shoes is that everyday ordinary objects are fit for mimicking or using in shoes. One example is a shoe that looks like a coffee cup spilling its contents. The spilling coffee makes up the heel. Other examples include banana shoes; baseball cap heels and baseball tips; and even common tools.</p> <p>The more one looks around, the more shoes they can make with this mindset. However, one greatly positive aspect here is that these shoes are made of very high quality raw materials. Hence, they are not only unique but can be worn practically as well. And, they do seem to complement your wacky outfit more than anything else.</p> <h2>4. Monster Heels for scaring the low-downs away</h2>      <p> #MONSTERHistory In celebration of our 5th Birthday, join us #monstercult and re-celebrate and lookback on some of the HIGHLIGHTS of our brand! JULY 2015, we have reached yet another #milestone for #monstershoes . Our following is growing bigger and our brand DNA is growing ever stronger! Luckily another Global Partner / Stockists has picked-up on our brand wanted to carry us…this time another MONSTEROUS E-Commerce Platform and with HUUUUUGE (like hundreds-of-thousands-HUGE) Social Media: DOLLSKILL ! Featured #monstershoes 1.) DEATHTRAP II 2.) IZANAMI 3.) KM III So THANKFUL for this-most-awesome-wonderful-opportunity to partner with this amazing brand! &quot;THANK YOU Team DollsKill for TRUSTING #monstershoes !&quot; DEATHTRAP + IZANAMI + KM III are still available via pre-order-customizable-shipping worldwide via www.monster-shoe.com If you want to carry our brand and be our Global Partner email us via [email protected] and let us make magic together!!!</p> <p>A post shared by MONSTER (@monster_shoes) on Sep 3, 2017 at 7:12pm PDT</p>   <p></p> <p>If you want tiny dogs to stay away from you, monster shoes are a good investment. These high-rise shoes contain pointed metal shaped into fangs and other frightening monster features. They have eyes, a tongue, and anything that could make for an effectively scary monster. One design takes the weird factor a little further when the artist places a cherry on top of that pile of fearsome.</p> <p>Actually, there is one thing about some of these shoes that makes them ingenious. When one puts their feet into them, their toes may make up three or four eyes for the monster! You’ll be a walking monster puppet show!</p> <p>The overall effect of these shoes could be sort of cute, or just very tough and intimidating. Hence, they could come in handy for a rugged biker or just a Halloween night out.</p>     <h2>5. Poured in Shoes with deep reminisces</h2>      <p> Fierce shoes #sebastianerrazuriz #3dprintedshoes</p> <p>A post shared by Bethany Krevat (@bethanykrevat) on Dec 16, 2016 at 8:38am PST</p>   <p></p> <p>Sebastian Errazuriz is the man behind these poured shoes. They have a variety of designs, but not all of them are wearable. What makes them unique is the meaning behind them, which runs deeper than the design or material.</p> <p>The inspiration behind each shoe is a certain ex-girlfriend of the artist. He’s currently one through no less than twelve women in his life. Some he is still in love with, in one way or another. Others are a scary or weird experience in themselves. Nevertheless, all these women are reflected in his creations.</p> <p>One example is the boss Rachel shoe. Rachel was a woman who defined herself as a feminist, but took it either too lightly or too far. She would also not hesitate to physically attack Sebastian when she felt he was overstepping the line. Hence, her shoes have a brass knuckle design on their underside. When you hold it using these, the pointed heel makes the whole thing a formidable weapon.</p> <p>Another pair of shoes symbolizes Sophie, whom Sebastian dubbed the ‘ice queen’. Since she was one cold lady, her shoes have a series of icicles instead of heels. There’s even one dedicated to a summer girlfriend who acted and felt more like a ghost than a real person. There is also a girlfriend who was dubbed ‘cry-baby’ by Sebastian, as well as the one who got away.</p> <p>In fact, Sebastian Errazuriz has documented and released information of about each girlfriend with a corresponding shoe. Hopefully, he has changed the names and preserved the identity of these women. We can only imagine what they must feel at having their private dealings aired in the open like this!</p> <p>He should probably supply them with a lifetime’s worth of shoes to make up for the embarrassment. After all, he’s profiting directly from their past relationships with him.</p> <h2>6. Dentures for the Feet</h2>      <p> Design Countdown To Hallowe'en: 1 day remains. The Apex Predator collection of toothy footwear from British duo @FantichAndYoung includes patent-leather pumps, gold-toothed Oxfords, and even Adidas runners. But it was these bright red Mary Janes – with their juxtaposition of innocence and voracity – that caught the world's attention following their release in 2014. 👄</p> <p>A post shared by Azure Magazine (@azuremagazine) on Oct 30, 2016 at 8:58am PDT</p>   <p></p> <p>Fantich and Young Designers are the people behind these unusual and creepy shoes. These shoes sport rows of (thankfully) fake teeth that make the shoes a very weird sight. The shoes themselves are called the Apex Predators.</p> <p>The tagline behind these shoes runs along the gist of them being predators. At the same time, they have no predators hunting them. However, the shoes are not actually meant for wearing. The visionaries behind them intended the Apex Predators to be sculptures for general admiration.</p> <p>The line of shoes itself is believed to use more than a thousand dentures. That would no doubt make the shoes very expensive. A trip to the dentist would probably be cheaper!</p> <h2>7. Root or Ramen Shoes</h2>      <p> Weird shoes#weirdshoes</p> <p>A post shared by Symbiosis (@symbiosis2005) on May 10, 2017 at 10:37am PDT</p>   <p></p> <p>Iris Van Herpen is a Dutch designer who is known for his cutting-edge designs. This is especially true of the shoes which come from him. With these root shoes, the inspiration is from natural roots. Of course, we can’t help but compare them to raw ramen or egg noodles as well.</p> <p>However, it is worth noting that the outfits paired with these shoes on the runaway follow the nature theme too. One dress may be made of fur; another has root-like elements, while the third denoted a tree bark texture. Put together in this way, the shoes might actually make for a passable fashion statement!</p> <p>However, there is no denying that the root shoes would be extremely hard to clean and maintain. One simply cannot imagine walking down a muddy path or in the rain with these shoes on. Better to go barefoot and save the fashion for another day!</p> <p>Van Herpen takes inspiration from the human body as well and plant and animal life for his creations. We hope that the bulk of his work doesn’t remind potential customers of pasta dishes! There is also hope that his creations would revolve around something a little more practical and beautiful.</p> <h2>8. Fang Heels for Halloween</h2>      <p> #highmuseumatlanta #irisvanherpen #exhibit #irisvanherpenshoes</p> <p>A post shared by Naomi Wakatake (@naomiwakatake) on Nov 15, 2015 at 9:41am PST</p>   <p></p> <p>Fang shoes are again an Iris Van Herpen creation. These are not just shoes, but potential weapons for their wearer. As the name suggests, these shoes us fangs to balance the wearer when they’re walking. In most designs, Van Herpen uses no less than ten fangs per shoe.</p> <p>The fang shoes are different from the Apex Predators because of the shape of the teeth used. While the Apex Predators used actually dentures, these creations use only fang-like shapes. They are hence closer to the monster shoes than the ones with normal teeth.</p> <p>While fang shoes may be difficult to wear, they may make self-defense easier. As part of the Dutch designer 2012 collection, these shoes are also a fashion statement. However, when it comes to looks, only true vampire fans would probably consider purchasing and using fang shoes.</p> <h2>9. Scorpion Shoes complete with wheels</h2>  <p>Weird and whacky shoes. The wheels to run from the scorpion? Words fail me. #shoes #weirdshoes #crazyshoes pic.twitter.com/ybNtKJg2fi</p> <p>— Morne Thesner (@sqoeshiemamma) December 15, 2014</p> <p></p> <p>One would never think that scorpions are something people would want to wear on their feet. Fortunately the scorpion shoes by Costa Magarakis are more of a collection piece. Once you hear about the design, you’d understand why they cannot be worn as proper shoes.</p> <p>Surprisingly, it’s not because of the scorpion design, but the wheels that make the shoes unwearable. There are two tiny wheels attached to the heel, while a scorpion body makes up the rest of the shoe. Needless to say, the body is fake, not real. As far as the design goes, the tail is interestingly making the front of a shoe. So it’s actually like a backward scorpion.</p> <p>There must be someone who is in need of such shoes, as they were bought from the owner on Etsy. No doubt, these pieces would definitely make a collection of artifacts very interesting!</p>     <p>With scorpion shoes, we’re sure cockroach and mice shoes must not be very far off. High heels are difficult enough to wear as it is. If they start mimicking the shapes and looks of creepy-crawlies, we’re not sure about keeping up with fashion much longer.</p> <h2></h2>   <i></i>