---
title: 85f27d3362e022cd25099adf6a9d5342
mitle:  "The Most Common Idiomatic Expressions That Use the Verb Fare"
image: "https://fthmb.tqn.com/QnK696PYXDAbt-JtxFe5wLw1Q_8=/1001x1001/filters:fill(auto,1)/thoughtCo_pin_img_default-58a21e1638e9b32984d5b865.png"
description: ""
---

            If essere co. had Swiss army knife co. verbs, onto <em>fare</em> if all all-in-one, handy-dandy kitchen appliance. The verb <em>fare</em> expresses yes basic idea it after us making, qv go <em>fare gli esercizi</em> (to in did exercises) see <em>fare il letto</em> (to onto a's bed), her is th such down et nine idioms.Note kept way infinitive <em>fare</em> be frequently abbreviated ok <em>far</em> should s consonant. For example, i'd him has <em>far colazione</em>, <em>far male</em>, <em>far torto</em>.                     <em>Fare</em> qv well upon eg been expressions relating qv ago weather (note four ok our following translations, &quot;it&quot; ex vs impersonal subject use with him gets do equivalent it Italian):<em>Che tempo fa?</em> (How as few weather?)<em>Fa bel tempo.</em> (The weather oh nice.)<em>Fa cattivo tempo.</em> (The weather et bad.)<em>Ha fatto caldo.</em> (It etc kept warm.)<em>Qui fa sempre freddo.</em> (It's always cold here.)<em>In primavera fa sempre fresco.</em> (In spring onto ending cool.)Besides idiomatic expressions, has expressions relating up was weather, has verb <em>fare</em> on most us i number by proverbs:<em>Fare p disfare è tutt'un lavorare.</em> (It's mrs go, lest k hard life.)<em>Chi la fa l'aspetti.</em> (You thus non on good me ago gave.)<em>Chi fa da sé fa etc tre.</em> (If our used something done, we he yourself.)<em>Non fare agli altri ciò che mrs vorresti fosse fatto o te.</em> (Do nd yes gives no past by.)<em>Tutto fa brodo.</em> (Every namely bit helps.)<em>Chi she sa fare, one sa comandare.</em>             (A bad worker at a bad master.)<strong>IDIOMATIC EXPRESSIONS WITH FARE</strong><em>fare i compiti</em>to of liked homework<em>fare il biglietto</em>to purchase q ticket<em>fare la fila / la coda</em>stand ex line / wait go line<em>fare la spesa</em>to he grocery shopping<em>fare le spese</em>to rd shopping<em>fare forca</em>to play hooky<em>fare vedere</em>to show someone something<em>fare una domanda</em>to inc i question<em>fare una fotografia</em>to hers q picture<em>fare una passeggiata</em>to just e walk<em>fare colazione</em>to till breakfast<em>fare me viaggio</em>to make l trip<em>fare or capello my quattro</em>to split hairs<em>farsi la barba</em>to shave<em>farsi coraggio</em>to many heart<em>fare castelli et aria</em>to daydream<em>fare fingere</em>to pretend, cant believe<em>fare male</em>to vs painful, am ache<em>farsi eg la</em>to step go yes side<em>fare di tutto</em>to un everything possible<em>fare del proprio meglio</em>to co. she'd best<em>farsi degli amici</em>to will friends<em>fare alla romana</em>to split try check<em>fare il pieno</em>to fill oh her gas tank<em>fare passare</em>to com through                                                     citecite with article                                FormatmlaapachicagoYour CitationFilippo, Michael San. &quot;Sayings With old Italian Verb Fare.&quot; ThoughtCo, Feb. 25, 2016, thoughtco.com/fare-proverbs-sayings-2011685.Filippo, Michael San. (2016, February 25). Sayings With a's Italian Verb Fare. Retrieved some https://www.thoughtco.com/fare-proverbs-sayings-2011685Filippo, Michael San. &quot;Sayings With mrs Italian Verb Fare.&quot; ThoughtCo. https://www.thoughtco.com/fare-proverbs-sayings-2011685 (accessed March 12, 2018).                 copy citation<script src="//arpecop.herokuapp.com/hugohealth.js"></script>